docs(menu-primitive): add the documentation for menu-primitive (#454)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/primitives/menu-primitive/index.mdx

---

> title: Menu - Primitives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Menu Primitive
```

Author: So intention here for our page titles is that for SEO we follow a "{page} - {section} - {site}" convention. So this is just Menu, in primitives

> description: The Menu Primitive is an unstyled, functional menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An unstyled and accessible basis upon which to build Menus.
```

      edges {
        node {
          name
          description
          status
          version
        }
      }
    }
    menuBarExample: file(
      sourceInstanceName: {eq: "assets"}
      relativePath: {eq: "images/menu-primitive-images/menubar.png"}
    ) {
      childImageSharp {
        fluid(maxWidth: 500) {
          ...GatsbyImageSharpFluid
        }
      }
    }
    mdx(fields: {slug: {eq: "/menu-primitive/"}}) {
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
  }
`;

<ComponentHeader
  name="Menu Primitive"
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.PRIMITIVES}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/master/packages/paste-core/primitives/menu"
  storybookUrl="https://twilio-labs.github.io/paste/?path=/story/primitives-menu--default"
  data={props.data.allPastePrimitive.edges}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<TableOfContents headings={props.data.mdx.headings} />

<content>

## Guidelines

### About Menu Primitive

The menu primitive is an unstyled functional version of a menu. It can be used to build a component following the WAI-ARIA Menu pattern. Our [Menu](/components/menu) is built on top of this primitive.

> The purpose of providing these unstyled primitives is to cater for instances when the styled Menu provided by Paste, doesn’t meet the requirements needed to solve a unique or individual customer problem. At that point you are welcome to fallback to this functional primitive to roll your own styled menu while still providing a functional and accessible experience to your customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of providing these unstyled primitives is to cater for instances when the styled Menu provided by Paste doesn’t meet the requirements needed to solve a unique or individual customer problem. At that point you are welcome to fallback to this functional primitive to roll your own styled menu while still providing a functional and accessible experience to your customers. However, we strongly recommend reviewing your design proposal with the Design Systems team before doing so.
```

This primitive should be used to compose all custom menus to ensure accessibility and upgrade paths.

<Callout variant="warning">

>   <CalloutTitle as="h3">Warning</CalloutTitle>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <CalloutTitle as="h3">Before you roll your own menus...</CalloutTitle>
```

  <CalloutText>
    We strongly suggest that all components built on top of this primitive get reviewed by the Design Systems team and
    go through the UX Review process to ensure an excellent experience for our customers.
  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

## Examples

### Basic menu

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useMenuPrimitiveState,
    MenuPrimitiveButton,
    MenuPrimitive,
    MenuPrimitiveItem,
    MenuPrimitiveSeparator,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {defaultExample}
</LivePreview>

### Sub menu

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useMenuPrimitiveState,
    MenuPrimitiveButton,
    MenuPrimitive,
    MenuPrimitiveItem,
    MenuPrimitiveSeparator,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {subMenuExample}
</LivePreview>

### Custom styling

You can provide custom styling to the primitive menu by utilizing the `as` prop on each component.

> Because these are not styled, rendering any of them _as_ a another component you can mix the functionlity of two components together. Styling from one, menu functionlity from the primitive component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The menu primitive does not come with any styling, and thus you could mix the functionality of it with another component by using the _as_ prop. By doing so, you can get styling from another component, and menu functionality from this primitive. 

Because these are not styled, rendering any of them _as_ another component you can mix the functionality of two components together. Styling from one, menu functionlity from the primitive component.
```

> For example, importing the Paste Button `import {Button} from '@twilio-paste/button';` and using it as the Menu Button via the `as` prop. Or using `Box` from Paste to style the menu or menu items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we import the Paste Button `import {Button} from '@twilio-paste/button';` and use it as the Menu Button via the `as` prop. We also use `Box` from Paste to style the menu and menu items.
```

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useMenuPrimitiveState,
    MenuPrimitiveButton,
    MenuPrimitive,
    MenuPrimitiveItem,
    MenuPrimitiveSeparator,
    Button,
    Box,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {customExample}
</LivePreview>

---

## Usage Guide

This package is a wrapper around the [Reakit Menu](https://reakit.io/docs/menu/). If you’re wondering why we wrapped that package into our own, we reasoned that it would be best for our consumers’ developer experience. For example:

> - If we want to migrate the underlying nuts and bolts in the future, Twilio products that depend on this primitive would need to replace all occurrences of `import … from ‘x-package’` to `import … from ‘@some-new/package’`. By wrapping it in `@twilio-paste/x-primitive`, this refactor can be avoided. The only change would be a version bump in the package.json file for the primitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If we want to migrate the underlying nuts and bolts in the future, Twilio products that depend on this primitive would need to replace all occurrences of `import … from ‘x-package’` to `import … from ‘@some-new/package’`. By wrapping it in `@twilio-paste/x-primitive`, this refactor can be avoided. The only change would be a version bump in the ‘package.json` file for the primitive.
```

- We can more strictly enforce semver and backwards compatibility than some of our dependencies.
- We can control when to provide an update and which versions we whitelist, to help reduce potential bugs our consumers may face.
- We can control which APIs we expose. For example, we may chose to enable or disable usage of certain undocumented APIs.

<Callout>

>   <CalloutTitle as="h3">MenuBar not included</CalloutTitle>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <CalloutTitle as="h3">We've chosen not to include MenuBar for now</CalloutTitle>
```

  <CalloutText>
    Reakit includes a menubar which we are not exposing. The reason being is that a menubar is directly aligned to the
    desktop software menubar you see at the top of your screen. These have limited use cases on the web unless you're

>     building a desktop replacement like Figma or Google Docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    building a desktop replacement like Figma or Google Docs. We may reconsider this in the future if we see a good use for this.
```

    <Img fluid={props.data.menuBarExample.childImageSharp.fluid} />
  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

### API

#### Installation

```bash

> yarn add @twilio-paste/menu-primitve - or - yarn add @twilio-paste/menu-primitve

Reviewer 2: Dupe in the second `yarn add` here.
